Spsir Example Scenes
====================

We include scenes used to generate the renderings in the paper.

1. **bedroom:** Direct lighting, 2D candidates
2. **living-room-2:** Direct lighting, 2D candidates
3. **arcsphere:** Direct lighting with MIS, 2D candidates
4. **sphere-volume:** Single scattering with one point light, 1D candidates
5. **dragon-caged:** Single scattering with area lights, 3D candidates

For direct lighting scenes (bedroom, living-room-2, arcsphere):
- `"string strategy" [ "lightonly" ]`: direct lighting with light sampling only
- `"string strategy" [ "bsdfenvmis" ]`: direct lighting with sampling
the BSDF and environment light and weighting the candidates by MIS


- `"string risstrategy" [ "reservoir" ]`: reservoir sampling for RIS
- `"string risstrategy" [ "inversecdf" ]`: inverse cdf sampling for RIS
- `"string risstrategy" [ "bidirectional" ]`: bidirectional cdf sampling for RIS

For volume rendering scenes (sphere-volume, dragon-caged):
- `"string listrategy" [ "lightdriven" ]`: 1D distance sampling along the ray
- `"string listrategy" [ "distdir" ]`: 3D sampling (distance, direction)


- `"string samplestrategy" [ "risreservoir" ]`: reservoir sampling for RIS
- `"string samplestrategy" [ "risinversecdf" ]`: inverse cdf sampling for RIS
(only available with `lightdriven`)
- `"string samplestrategy" [ "risbidirectional" ]`: bidirectional cdf sampling for RIS

Our bidirectional CDF sampling method utilizes Hilbert Curve reordered
candidates and always requires a 2D dither masks independent of the dimension
of the sampling problem.
Similarly, inverse CDF sampling also uses such candidates
(to display the effect of stratification) and requires a 2D dither mask.
However, reservoir sampling uses a low-discrepancy sequence which is offset by
the dither mask. Because of this, dimensionality of the dither mask varies for
reservoir sampling. For 1D volume example (sphere-volume), a 2D dither mask is used.
For 3D volume example (dragon-caged), a 4D dither mask is required.
For 2D direct lighting examples (bedroom, living-room-2, arcsphere), a 3D dither mask
should be used.

Dither masks can be generated by [Dithering Mask Generator](https://github.com/beltegeuse/dithering-mask). We include up to 4D dither masks with each dimension of size 64 inside the "*mask*" folder in each scene. Higher resolution masks can be used for better results..
